Add search API endpoints (#11)
advplyr/audiobookshelf-slate: source/includes/_search.md

  "https://covers.openlibrary.org/b/id/8788596-L.jpg",
  "https://covers.openlibrary.org/b/id/8783892-L.jpg",
  "https://covers.openlibrary.org/b/id/8993240-L.jpg",
  "https://covers.openlibrary.org/b/id/10505009-L.jpg",
  "https://covers.openlibrary.org/b/id/1005881-L.jpg",
  "https://covers.openlibrary.org/b/id/8776837-L.jpg",
  "https://covers.openlibrary.org/b/id/10778344-L.jpg",
  "https://covers.openlibrary.org/b/id/11239659-L.jpg",
  "https://covers.openlibrary.org/b/id/12224404-L.jpg",
  "https://covers.openlibrary.org/b/OLID/OL9034948M-L.jpg",
  "https://covers.openlibrary.org/b/id/8785389-L.jpg"
]
```

This endpoint searches a metadata provider for covers. An array of URLs for cover images is returned.

### HTTP Request

`GET http://abs.example.com/api/search/covers`

### Query Parameters

Parameter | Type | Default | Description
--------- | ---- | ------- | -----------
`podcast` | Binary | `0` | Whether to search for podcast covers. Only the `title` parameter is needed for podcasts. `0` for false, `1` for true.
`title` | String | **Required** | The media title to search for.
`author` | String or null | `null` | If searching for a book cover, the author to search for.

> `provider` | String | **Required for Books** | If searching for a book cover, the metadata provider to use. See [Library Metadata Providers](#library-metadata-providers) for options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`provider` | String | `google` | If searching for a book cover, the metadata provider to use. See [Library Metadata Providers](#library-metadata-providers) for options.
```
